Have you ever crossed paths with a complete stranger and instantly felt you have known them all along?Or walked into a coffee shop and had a conversation that changed your day, your week or your life?Have you ever been moved to tears of joy and gratitude by a beautiful sunset, a kind gesture, or a random person or thing showing up at just the right time?These are the types of experiences that people have when they meet and work with Bonnie L Silver. She is modest and completely unattached to the fact that she has a profoundly positive impact on the people she comes in contact with and the fact that, with little effort, they are transformed into her obvious and contagious joy, intuition, generosity and loving spirit.Bonnie has an eclectic background and has traveled the world as a flight attendant, and then serving over 6 years in the U.S. Army. After earning her Master of Business Administration in 2003, Bonnie entered corporate America but everything changed in 2008. After being downsized from her sales position, Bonnie found herself making the choice to move into volunteering and being of service, with a variety of nonprofits including the support of Veterans in transition.During the past few decades, Bonnie has invested in her education and both personal and spiritual development, knowing that learning is a life- long process. It is from this vantage point that Bonnie best serves her clients in helping them grow, expand, and succeed in their lives. A phrase that rolls effortlessly off Bonnie’s tongue is, “How may I best serve you?” Her concern is always for other people’s well-being and ensuring that their highest priority needs are being addressed. Wrapped in a warm blanket of love, her words and actions come from a servant- heart, from the deepest recesses of her soul. Which is what causes her to stand out in a world that at times has forgotten how to be there for others.
Bonnie demonstrates her uniqueness in the way she lives her life. She walks the talk. And she authentically cares. Even to the point that she intuitively feels the hurt, the suffering, the painful burdens that others carry. But whilst she is so highly empathetic, she is also a strong woman who exhibits the balance between leader and servant. She doesn’t need to wear the badge to show she’s a leader – people just gravitate to her because they see a person of integrity who understands her higher purpose in life. She is a consciously awake woman who knows how to live in the present moment, and through her example, encourages others to do the same.Some people have an innate ability to make those around them feel immediately secure in their presence and, therefore, cultivate trust. Bonnie has that gift. Everyone is special to her, not just a select few. And she knows how to listen. When she is interacting with people her focus is not on her own needs but on others. She doesn't think she's better than anyone else and with humility, demonstrates that by her actions in caring for others.A large part of Bonnie’s appeal is that her soul shines from within because she walks the path of love. She sees hearts everywhere and in everything … in cloud formations, in nature, in shapes on the ground. She could be affectionately called the Queen of Hearts – because that is who she is and that’s what she attracts. And now, from this vulnerable place of having such a transparent heart, her voice is being heard.Bonnie's passion is to help people on this journey of life to connect to their true-self, and from that place of love, instead of fear, begin to dismantle the blockages and allow healing to manifest from the inside- out. Whether it's connecting with her books and articles, heart2heart sessions, or the Plexus wellness products or coaching, she knows that to build a better society, the transformation begins at home within oneself. Bonnie lives and breathes what she believes in. She shares from her own experience and wears the scars – but without the pain. Which is why she is qualified to do what she does – shining her light and making this world a better place for her being here.